>> Jon Kuperman: So finishing up,
the three things I would recommend
everybody do today, tomorrow, whatever,
to your site, is grab one of
those tools and run an audit.
So whether it's the Chrome Dev Tools,
Firefox Dev Tools, or
one of those third party ones.
Check the color schemes that you use,
both on web and
then also on your physical media.
And the community, I really just can't say
enough about the accessibility community.
I think there's just something in
the nature of doing good work that makes
people really friendly.
But I've been a part of a lot of different
CSS and JavaScript communities before, and
nobody's been as friendly as
the accessibility community.
There's a lot of cool meetups going on,
even if they're smaller in a lot of areas.
I'm not sure about this area, but
I know in California we have a couple
of different accessibility meetups.
There's some really good
conferences that happen every year.
And then there's just a ton
of really nice people online,
people I mentioned Rob Dodson, he works
at Google doing a bunch of accessibility.
Marcy Sutton, she works at a private
company called Deque that does a bunch of
accessibility stuff.
Yeah, just like, a lot of really great
people, whether it's Twitter, Meetup,
however you reach out.